```
Author:     Aurora Zuo
Partner:    Sasha Rybalkina
Date:       14-Apr-2023
Course:     CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:  Aurora1825
Repo:       https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-spring23/assignment8agario-dominators_of_worlds
Date:       14-Apr-2023 Time (of when submission is ready to be evaluated)
Solution:   Agario
Copyright:  CS 3500 and Aurora Zuo & Sasha Rybalkina - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Overview of the Agario

The Agario project builds an agario game, which on our local machines we can start the server,
and when open the Client Gui, the client can connect to the server and sees a bunch of food (small circles),
and a bunch of players (large circles).

The client sends a request to move or to split, and displays the results sent by the server. The players and
foods are sent by the server after connecting, and we (the player) also initiate a circle (player)
in the middle of the game world. We can move our mouse to any location desired on the canvas and the player will follow.

The rules of the game are:
1. “Eating”: Anytime the player circle significantly overlaps a food (smaller circle), the food is eaten
and the size of the player goes up by the size of the food. If a larger player circle eats your circle,
game's over.
2. “Splitting”: Your player circle can "split" in half by pressing space bar, projecting half of themselves "forward";
3. “Moving”: Smaller circles move faster than bigger circles.

Firstly, we completed the TowardAgarioStepOne, Two, and Three. We spend roughly about 4 hours on that. Then we
started to build the AgarioModels projects. This is the Model of MVC, we incorporated some of the code from our
preparation projects into this. AgarioModels contains all the necessary functions and properties to build the
game world. It stores the status of the game objects and state of the game.

After that, we started the ClientGUI, which is the Viewer and Controller. The ClientGUI allows the user to
connect to a server, send and receive messages.

We created another class called WorldDrawable inside of ClientGUI , which provides the draw methods to draw the game objects 
onto the canvas. When opening the Client GUI, it first shows a welcome screen which asks the user to input
the server name (localhost) and the user name. After clicking the start button, the actual game
screen will appear. The player is able to control one player that it initialized in the middle of the game world.
To play the game, simplely just move the mouse to desired location, the player object will follow where the mouse points.
The player object can eat other food objects generated by the server to grow. Once it grows large, its movement will
start to slow down, the player can split the player object in half by pressing the space bar. If the player 
is eaten by other player that's larger in size, game's over.

During the process of creating the client gui, we struggled on how to correctly deserialize the game objects
sent by server, how to get the player to correctly eat food, how to the the player to follow the mouse, and how to
split the player by pressing space bar. We have successfully solved these issues through debugging, reading
through documentations and class slides, and attending TA help hours.

The Communications and Logger classes are both copied from our last assignment (A7), which are also our original code.

The detailed functionalities and information of each project can be found in the project level READMEs.

Unresolved Issues: 
1. We weren't able to get the player's name displayed around the player.
2. We could not get the zooming to work. Although we did get the view to track the player object.
3. We had some problems with the communications, the logger breaks the code in the Connect method inside
Networking class (line 119), we commented that line out and everything works fine. We also tried to use
the provided Communications.dll, but the dll just breaks our entire GUI. We asked the TA about this problem
but haven't got any solutions yet. Other than that, our communications works as expected.


# Time Expenditures:

    Total Predicted Hours:          16           Total Actual Hours:         18
    Auroroa Total Predicted Hours:  16           Total Actual Hours:         18
    Sasha Total Predicted Hours:    16           Total Actual Hours:         18

    All the work were done through side by side pair programming, thus the time expenditures
    for each person are the same.

# Partnership

All the work were done through side by side pair programming, we constantly switched positions
as driver/navigator, we communicated a lot to make sure that each of us were on the same track.
Details for pair programming practice for each project can be found in the project level READMEs.


# Branching

All the work were done through the main branch. Since the partners worked side by side on the
whole project.


# Testing

For testing, we opened the server and client to test the simple functionalities such as
connection, sending game objects, etc. We also inputted the wrong server name to test the
pop-up error message.

After connection we started to play the game, we tested to see if the player will follow
the mouse correctly, and after it gets to certain size (1000 mass) it can be splitted into
halves by pressing the space bar.

The details of testing for each project can be found in the project level READMEs.
