```
Author:     Aurora Zuo
Partner:    Sasha Rybalkina
Date:       14-Apr-2023
Course:     CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:  Aurora1825 & crazyrussian123456
Repo:       https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-spring23/assignment8agario-dominators_of_worlds
Date:       14-Apr-2023 Time (of when submission is ready to be evaluated)
Solution:   Agario
Copyright:  CS 3500 and Aurora Zuo & Sasha Rybalkina - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Comments to Evaluators:

This project contains the Client GUI, allowing user to connect to a server, send and receive messages.
We created another class called WorldDrawable, which provides the draw methods to draw the game objects 
onto the canvas.

When open the Client GUI, it first shows a welcome screen which asks the user to input server name (localhost) 
and the user name. After clicking the start button, the actual game screen will appear. The player is 
able to control one player that it initialized in the middle of the game world. To play the game, simplely 
just move the mouse to desired location, the player object will follow where the mouse points. The player 
object can eat other food objects generated by the server to grow. Once it grows large, its movement will
start to slow down, the player can split the player object in half by pressing the space bar. If the player 
is eaten by other player that's larger in size, game's over.

The Client GUI replicates the functionalities of the sample Client GUI, though it does not demonstrates 
the exact layouts as same as the sample GUI.

# Assignments Specific Topics:

.NET MAUI, XAML, Logging, Networking, Draw, Timer, Protocols, SOLID, GSPs, Pair Programming.

# References:

    1. Keyboard input: [https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/user-interface/controls/scrollview?view=net-maui-7.0](https://www.reddit.com/r/dotnetMAUI/comments/y4wwkd/using_keyboard_inputs_with_maui/)
    2. Layouts: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/user-interface/layouts/?view=net-maui-7.0
    3. GraphicsView: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/user-interface/controls/graphicsview?view=net-maui-7.0

# Time Expenditures:

    Predicted Hours:       10           Actual Hours:           12
    The xaml took ~1 hour, xaml.cs took ~7 hours, the WorldDrawable took ~4 hours.
    All the work were done through pair programming, thus both partner spend the same time
    together working on this project.

# Partnerships:

All the work were done through pair programming, we switched positions constantly and communicated constantly.

# Testing:

We tested the Client GUI by opening the server, trying to connect, playing the game, etc. We tested the basic 
functionalities of the client such as displaying (drawing) the game objects on game worlds, player following 
mouse movement, player grows after eating food, splitting in half, etc.

# Branching:

We did all work for this project (ClientGUI) in the main branch.
